It's going to be a quick lesson on my developer setup so not coming lessons.
You're going to see that I've got my editor opened on the left hand side and the editor that I'm using
is brackets and I've got my browser open on the right hand side and the browser that I'm using is chrome.
So we do need a way to create our index dot each time I'll file as well as to see it rendered out.
If you are looking to use the same editor that I'm using you can download it's open source available
brackets.
I oh it's Adobe product it's pretty good editor if you already have one that you're familiar with.
You can go and use that one as well.
So the editor it doesn't really matter which one you use.
We're just simply writing in the front end code and rendering out in the browser the browser that we
are using is chrome.
Most browsers will have some format of developer tools what developer tools do is they give you a ability
to communicate debug your application and communicate between the code that you're rendering out and
the browser window in order to open up dev tools in chrome on a markets command Option C on Windows
machine it's control shift C or you can go ahead and click three dots in the top right hand corner more
tools and then select developer tools and that will open up this window that I'm going to have open
throat upcoming lessons.
There are some prerequisites to this course.
So having a solid understanding of each HTML and c assess is important as we're not going to be covering
that and this is just supplemental in order to produce a better looking application prerequisite to
this course is javascript.
So having a fundamental core understanding of javascript is a prerequisite to the upcoming lessons as
they are focused on building out an application and applying javascript and you should be familiar with
setting variables interacting with the DOM creating functions adding conditions and essentially the
core fundamentals of javascript.
So it is highly recommended that you have that before you begin the upcoming lessons.
Source Code is also included.
So after each lesson I'm providing source code of that lesson.
So you can copy and paste it in your own editor and run the code try it out for yourself.